Contents of this repository:

42s.doc
The Alternative HP-42S/Free42 Manual, by José Lauro Strapasson and Russ Jones.

ComplexTest.raw
ComplexTest.txt
Test program I used to test the complex transcendentals against those in the
real HP-42S, in order to look for incorrect branch cuts and other errors. It
helped me improve those functions a lot. I doubt it will be useful again, it
really has served its purpose, but I'm keeping it for historical reasons, and
because you never know.

icon
The original photograph of my real HP-42S, which I used to create the Free42
icon, plus various stages of editing that I had to do along the way. I once
managed to lose my icon sources and ended up regretting that intensely once I
started needing some additional sizes; let's not let that happen again! I'm
sure for someone who knows graphic design this stuff is easy, but for me it was
a lot of work.

keymaps
Keymaps for non-U.S. keyboard layouts.

max_sens_rect.c
A little utility that takes a layout and increases the keys' sensitive
rectangles as far as they can grow until they touch each other. This makes the
keys easier to hit, compared to layouts where the sensitive rectangles match
the display rectangles.

plus42-skin
SkinMuncher.java
A skin specifically designed for Plus42, based on Tyge_Nova1, with two rows of
keys added, and alternate key caps and backgrounds for the equation editor.
SkinMuncher is a tool that transforms a skin by copying and pasting rectangular
regions, doing a reasonable job of transforming the layout file to match. This
was used to create the PortraitShort and Landscape skins for the Android and
iOS versions. I didn't document SkinMuncher, but the source code plus the
configuration files under plus42-skin/munch should help get started.

plus42-ad.xcf
The pop-up ad for Plus42, as it was shown by Free42 3.0.11. Preserved here for
the sake of nostalgia.

rom2raw.c
Tool for extracting user code from HP-41 ROM images.

ScaleSkin.java
A little utility to help with resizing skins.

screen-shots
The screen shots I used on the iOS App Store and Google Play Store. Keeping
those in case I ever need to re-upload them for some reason, and as references
for creating new ones, if and when that becomes necessary.

txt2html.py
Tool to convert the HISTORY file at the top level of this project to a slightly
nicer-looking HTML file. This also used to be used (or rather, the C-based
predecessor of this tool before I started looking into using Python for this
kind of thing) to perform the same conversion on the TODO file, when I still
had a public one.
